c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\LockablePivotSample.dll
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\LockablePivotSample.pdb
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\obj\Debug\LockablePivotSample.g.resources
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\obj\Debug\LockablePivotSample.dll
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\obj\Debug\LockablePivotSample.pdb
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\LockablePivotSample.xap
c:\users\bobi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\LockablePivotSample.dll
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\LockablePivotSample.pdb
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\LockablePivotSample.xap
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\obj\Debug\LockablePivotSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\obj\Debug\LockablePivotSample.g.resources
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\obj\Debug\LockablePivotSample.dll
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\obj\Debug\LockablePivotSample.pdb
C:\Users\kai.chen\Downloads\lockablepivotsample_1_2_3_4_5 (1)\LockablePivotSample\LockablePivotSample\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
